adding more detail to staking and delegating (#90)
onflow/flow: docs/content/token/staking/locked/delegators.mdx

| **id**     | `String` | The ID of the node to delegate to. |
| **amount** | `UFix64` | The number of FLOW tokens to delegate. |

This transaction registers the account as a delegator to the node ID they specified
and attaches a `NodeDelegatorProxy` capability to the `TokenHolder` resource. 
This capability can later be used to perform delegation actions.

> Once an account has registered as a delegator, they cannot register a second time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once an account has registered as a delegator with one node, they cannot register with any others. For more information, see "Register to stake for a different node" below.
```

This transaction moves the rewarded tokens back into the `LockedTokens.Lockbox` owned by the **token holder**. 
However, unlike unstaked tokens, rewards are **unlocked FLOW** and can be immediately withdrawn from the lockbox.

## Getting Info about an accounts delegation

To return a struct with all the information associated with a delegator, anyone
can use the **Get Delegator Info** ([TH.19](../transactions/#token-holder)) script with the following arguments:

| Argument   | Type     | Description |
|------------|----------|-------------|
| **nodeID** | `String` | The 32 byte ID of the node of the delegator |

> | **nodeID** | `UInt8` | The ID of the delegator |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **nodeID** | `UInt8`  | The ID of the delegator |
```
